I get the feeling you don't
think you have to follow the rules.
Pascal might have okayed all of it.
but Pascal isn't battalion
chief anymore... I am.
I'm starting to get the feeling
there's some kind of
personal problem here.
but I'm in the dark.
Let's just say I've been
in this position before.
and I'm not gonna make
the same mistake twice.
This needs to go over
to the CFD front office.
- Against Lieutenant Severide?
- Is there a problem. Lucy?
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
I slept with Vasquez.
I had no idea that you
had a crush on Vasquez.
or I never would have done it.
There's nothing going on
between us anymore.
Hey. Vi. it is okay.
You could have told me sooner. but...
- Yeah.
- I get it.
♪ ♪
Instinct...
it is vital to every medic in the field.
Every day you are walking
into high-stakes situations
where lives are on the line.
having to make split-second decisions.
There is no backup.
There's no guidebook. There's no plan.
It's just you
and your partner.
When firefighters step
into the Joint Duty Program.
they are not just riding along.
They become one half of a team.
And in that team.
there is nothing
more important than trust.
It's critical.
Everything else depends on it.
because it's not just your instincts
that you have to trust.
It's theirs. too.
And that trust can mean the difference
between life and death.
♪ ♪
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Time sheet.
Filled it out right this week.
And submitted before end
of shift... that is a first.
Actually. you know what? 15
minutes before. That's basically early.
Oh. hey. you still owe me
that maintenance request form
for that broken-latch thing on 81.
Oh. no. I'm gonna fix it
myself before I leave.
Okay. well. if you're looking
to score points staying late.
you should know
that Chief Hopkins isn't here.
- He's over at 20.
- Lucy. come on.
I don't do it for the credit. okay?
I do it for the love of the game.
Right. Mm-hmm.
Still got a couple minutes
before I have to drop off the ambo.
and I'm kind of craving
one of those gross cinnamon-bun things.
- There's a QuickGo's up ahead.
- Sure.
I need more caffeine gum anyway.
I think I'm almost out.
I'm pretty sure you're one
of the only people on Earth
- who chews that stuff.
- Yeah.
- Vasquez says the same thing.
- Hmm.
[SIGHS]
You okay?
I was just thinking about
what you said in your lecture...
the thing about trust.
I know. That part's
not right... it's too wordy.
I got to keep working on it.
That... that's not what I meant.
Oh.
Okay.
Partners are supposed
to trust each other.
and I know you've got my back
in the field.
I am not questioning that.
But something's been weighing
on me. and I-I just...
I just need to say it.
Okay.
You kept something from me
about what happened
between you and Vasquez.
And I get it. I know you already
explained all the reasons.
but I would be lying
if I said it didn't hurt.
And. uh. we don't need to talk about it.
I just needed to tell you.
We can go inside now.
- Novak. hang on.
- Hey! Hey!
- Medics. please. I need help!
- What's going on?
My girlfriend... she's pregnant. and...
and something's wrong.
I don't know.
I think she might be in labor.
Okay. slow down. Where is she?
She's just down the block. Please.
- Okay.
- I'll get the jump bag.
We will follow you.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
I was outside on hold with 911
'cause I can't get service
in my building.
and then I saw you drive by...
thank God.
This is us right here.
I'm the building's super.
I got an office down in the basement.
My girlfriend. Sarah.
she lives next door.
She does laundry down
there sometimes. so...
Uh. that's where I found her.
uh. doubled over.
[KEYS JINGLING] Right this way.
♪ ♪
- Sarah.
- What's going on?
Your. uh. boyfriend
said you were in pain
and that you might be in labor.
so we're here to help.
He's not my boyfriend.
Violet.
[WHISPERING]
You have to get me out of here.
♪ ♪
No one's going anywhere.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Turn off your radios. Hand 'em over.
And your bag. too.
Now!
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
[SOBS]
♪ ♪
What's your name?
You don't need my name.
♪ ♪
[GROANS]
It's Ryan.
♪ ♪
Now your phones.
Come on.
Ryan. you want to tell us
what's going on?
I told you.
She's in pain. Something's wrong.
Why is she tied up?
'Cause I'm protecting her and the baby.
That's not what this looks like.
You don't know anything.
We have a connection.
I watch over her.
And she tried to leave.
so I did what I had to do.
Tell them. Sarah.
Tell them about our connection.
I just want the baby to be okay.
So do I.
That's why I brought them here.
They're gonna deliver this baby.
and then we're getting out of here.
If she's in labor.
she needs hospital care.
Medics deliver babies all the time.
Now do your job.
We can't do our job
without our equipment.
No.
I control the bag.
You tell me what you need.
Blood pressure cuff and pulse oximeter.
It's the blue rectangle
with the digital screen...
front pocket.
♪ ♪
Okay. Sarah. we're gonna
get your vitals. okay?
♪ ♪
Is this your first pregnancy?
Yeah.
All right.
- How many weeks are you?
- 38.
Have you started having contractions?
It felt like it.
Um. the first one
was maybe 30 minutes ago.
but I haven't had one since.
Okay. sounds like Braxton Hicks.
- [DEVICE HISSING]
- Pulse. 98.
- Oxygen. 100.
- Blood pressure is elevated.
Um. is there any medical history
- that we should know about?
- Gestational diabetes.
I-I was diagnosed maybe five months in.
What was your last blood-sugar reading?
315.
D-did you take your shot?
I didn't get a chance.
[SIGHS]
What's the problem?
Sarah is diabetic
and hasn't had her insulin.
so she is showing signs of hyperglycemia
and is likely headed into ketoacidosis.
What does that mean?
It means her body
is starting to shut down.
She needs insulin. We don't carry it.
You're lying.
You're trying to get out of here.
No. Ryan. I'm not lying.
Insulin needs to be refrigerated.
This is the only way to help her.
Figure out another way.
Okay. um...
- do you have some at home?
- Mm-hmm.
Okay. you said she lives next door.
- You can go get it?
- Oh. yeah?
And. what. leave you here
so you can try to get away?
Ryan. she needs this medicine.
♪ ♪
Fine.
but she comes with me
so you don't do anything dumb.
No. absolutely not.
You don't separate us.
You're not the one in control here.
Up!
On your feet.
I'll be all right.
It's all right. I'm okay.
♪ ♪
Move.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[GRUNTS]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[DOOR THUMPING]
Damn it!
[PANTING]
- Go.
- OK.
Move.
Wait.
Go.
Take these next stairs
to the third landing.
Her apartment's on the right.
Slowly. Go.
[MOANING]
He's... he's not the father. is he?
[SIGHS] No. no. God. no.
Ryan's just the super.
- [WINCES]
- He fixated on you.
Yeah.
Yeah. he... he was normal at first.
Then a-a couple months ago.
he... he started faking reasons
he needed to come over.
And then I-I'd notice him.
like. looking in my windows
from outside.
It freaked me out enough
to where I-I put in my notice
with the building manager.
I guess Ryan found out.
'cause that's when he snapped.
- And that was this morning?
- Yeah.
[GROANS]
He broke into my place.
He tried to grab... to grab me.
but I-I-I grabbed a knife.
But then he... he pulled the gun.
and he forced me down here.
If I had screamed. he would kill me.
[SNIFFLES]
For a second. when I saw you guys.
I thought I was saved.
You're not alone now.
Inside.
[DOOR CLOSES]
That's not her blood.
She came at me with a knife.
All I wanted to do was talk.
Stand back there.
I bet it's hard...
not being understood
by someone you care about.
I'm the only one trying to fix her life.
The deadbeat who knocked her up
isn't gonna do that.
Dropping out of nursing school
won't do it.
She's lost. and I know.
'cause I've been there.
But I can fix it.
I can make it better for her.
for us.
I can tell you care about her...
- Come on.
- I really can.
But if... if you want us
to deliver this baby safely.
then we need supplies. things
that we don't have in our bag.
and I bet she has
a lot of that stuff here.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Make it quick.
OK.
♪ ♪
What's in your hand?
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
Let me see it.
They're for cutting the umbilical cord.
- You were hiding them from me.
- No.
Were you gonna try
to stab me with those?
I was just about to hand them to you.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Hand them over.
Empty your pockets.
♪ ♪
I wasn't pulling anything.
Come on. let's go.
Back to the basement.
♪ ♪
[LINE TRILLING]
You've reached Violet Mikami.
I can't come to the phone right now.
Please leave a message.
[CELL PHONE BEEPS]
Vasquez.
Kaffee said you were looking for me?
Yeah. Yeah. I. um...
Actually. have you heard
from Violet or Novak?
They were supposed to be back
a while ago.
No. I just figured they got
hit with a last-minute call.
No. they were on special duty.
They wouldn't be taking calls right now.
Hey. Lucy. Thanks.
Yeah. what's going on?
I need your help.
[SIGHS]
[MOANING]
What are you gonna do with that?
I think I can break
the zip tie with this.
[LOCK CLICKS. DOOR OPENS] Yeah.
They're coming.
They're coming. They're coming.
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
[MOANS]
♪ ♪
Here.
You okay?
- You?
- Yeah.
Okay.
Lie back for me. Sarah.
[MOANING]
♪ ♪
That should brings
your blood sugar levels down.
What's all that for?
They're supplies...
for the delivery...
so you can have the baby safe.
No. this isn't safe.
- I-I need to go to a hospital.
- I can't let you do that.
- You're not in your right mind.
- Please. I...
I can't have the baby down here.
You're gonna tell them I kidnapped you
because you don't see it yet.
This is for your own good. Sarah.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
It's too late for that.
The... the medics know what you did.
♪ ♪
Don't worry about that.
Once the baby's born.
I'll do what I have to do.
♪ ♪
Okay. Okay. thank you.
Dispatch confirmed Violet
and Novak haven't responded
- to multiple radio checks.
- Okay. so what now?
Well. they flagged 61's
last-known location
as the QuickGo on Leavitt and Monroe.
CPD has a unit already on its way.
Leavitt and Monroe. you said. right?
Yeah. but are you sure
you should be going?
This is officially a police matter now.
Yeah. I'll wait till they kick me out.
Hey. Lucy. would you mind
hanging for a bit.
just in case some news
comes to the firehouse?
Yeah. of course. Yeah.
Thank you.
[SIGHS]
[BAG THUDS LOUDLY]
We're gonna need the OB kit.
What's in it?
Um. gloves. antiseptic.
gauze. scalpel...
No scalpel.
Um. your wrist needs to be re-bandaged.
I have a way that it doesn't come loose.
I'm fine.
It'll keep bleeding if you don't.
[GROANS. EXHALES DEEPLY]
Why are you helping me?
It's my job.
I don't get to decide who I help.
How long till this baby comes?
Sarah's contractions have started.
but her water hasn't broken yet.
You didn't answer my question.
It's not an exact science.
It could be minutes.
or it could be hours.
[GROANS]
[SCREAMS]
Contractions are five minutes apart.
No. no. no. I don't think
it's a contraction.
It's the baby.
He... he's moving too much.
It's... aah!
- It's like he's fighting.
- What... what are you doing?
- What's going on?
- I need everybody to be quiet.
I need to listen
for the baby's heartbeat.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
♪ ♪
There's too much movement.
I can't get a reading.
- Fetal distress.
- What does that mean?
Sarah's hyperglycemia
caused a spike in adrenaline.
and it's putting stress on the baby.
I thought that's what
the insulin was for.
The insulin can't cross the placenta.
So it affects Sarah's levels
but not the baby's.
What do we do?
Let's get you on your left side.
Okay. Okay. okay. [SCREAMS]
We need oxygen. It's in the green bag.
[CRIES]
♪ ♪
We'll also need Versed.
"Versed"? What is that?
We use it to lower
acute cortisol levels.
Right now Sarah's system is
flooded with stress hormones.
and that's what's driving
the baby's heart rate.
- [CELL PHONE RINGING]
- Ah.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Mr. Dalton?
- [MOANS LOUDLY]
- What?
No. no. no. I-I didn't hear
about a-a noise complaint.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
You're here now?
No. no. no. no. no. I'll...
I'll come meet you outside.
Just... just... just... just wait there.
Okay.
[GRUNTS ANGRILY]
Okay. Okay.
I need to deal with this.
Grab what you need.
Quick!
♪ ♪
Hey.
Don't do anything stupid while I'm gone.
[MOANS]
♪ ♪
I thought Versed was a sedative.
It is. It's a very powerful one.
You use it for labor?
The Versed's not for you.
Huh.
♪ ♪
[DOOR LATCH CLICKS]
Sal?
Hey. Chris.
Uh. Walsh. this is. uh. Sal Vasquez.
We went to the academy together.
I guess it wasn't enough action for you?
Something like that.
You guys working the missing medics?
- Yeah. you know them?
- Yeah. they're friends of mine.
Uh. well. we just talked to the cashier.
He says no medics came in.
but he's checking
the security feeds in case...
- They never came in?
- That's what he said.
Officers!
I got them on tape.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
I went ahead and fast-forwarded.
They never come back.
Okay. so we know they left on foot.
That at least gives us a search radius.
Call Sarge. tell him we need
to put out a BOLO.
a-and see if we can get some
more backup units canvassing
- the neighborhood ASAP.
- Copy.
How many backup units
you think we'll get?
Uh. three. maybe.
There's probably 200 homes
in this block alone.
Three units is not enough.
I-I doubt they're gonna send us more.
Look. I'm not sure what
kind of situation they're in.
but what I do know
is that their phones are off.
they're not responding to radio checks.
and they've abandoned their rig. okay?
That tells me that something
is very wrong here.
So every second that we waste
is a second
- that something could go wrong.
- I don't disagree.
But right now we don't have
anything else to go on.
♪ ♪
Let's change that.
Hey. Lucy.
I need you to do me a favor.
♪ ♪
OK.
I got the baby's heartbeat.
It's about 140...
which is exactly where we want it.
I wonder what he's doing up there.
Meeting somebody. it sounded like.
He said "Mr. Dalton."
That's the building manager.
Maybe we should yell.
try to get his attention.
Well. if we yell.
Ryan will hear it. too.
We can't risk anyone else getting hurt.
I think it's on us to get out of this.
That's what the Versed is for.
A guy Ryan's size...
it could take up to 30 seconds
for the sedative
to take him down. maybe longer.
I know. It's not ideal.
I think we should get the gun
out of his hands first.
[LOCK CLICKS. DOOR OPENS]
Here he comes.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
- [CLEARS THROAT]
- This is my building. son.
You don't tell me
where I can and can't go.
That's not Ryan.
It's Mr. Dalton.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
What the hell?
Ryan. what is this? What did you...
[GUNSHOT]
[SCREAMING]
Ah. Oh. God.
I told you not to come down here.
[GROANING]
I told you to leave it alone.
- You shot him.
- I didn't want this!
You were supposed to listen to me.
If you had just listened to me!
This wasn't how it was supposed to go.
- Ryan. we need the jump bag.
- No.
We had a plan. We were gonna leave.
- Nobody was gonna know.
- Ryan. look at me.
You're in control here. okay?
What happens next is up to you.
You can still save this man's life.
I tried to save his life.
He didn't listen either.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
♪ ♪
It's time you all start listening.
Now you know what happens if you don't.
♪ ♪
[GROANING]
[GROANS]
Okay. Lucy. thank you so much.
You're the best. [PHONE BEEPS]
Nothing from the neighbors so far.
Well. I may have something.
What do you have?
I asked our assistant at the firehouse
to check with PD dispatch.
see if there was
- any recent calls in the area.
- And?
Apparently one came in this morning.
It was a noise complaint.
Tenant reported shouting
from an upstairs unit.
- Anybody follow up?
- Yeah. one unit responded.
7508...
it's right here.
Unit 3A.
Hey. you know what?
Why don't you check the front?
- I'm gonna circle around back.
- Copy.
[DOORKNOB RATTLES]
[FOOTSTEPS CLIMBING STAIRS]
- Nobody's answering the front.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
Check it out.
On the wall... do you see that?
- That's blood.
- Yeah.
That qualifies
as exigent circumstances to me.
Where do you keep your pry bar?
[GROANS]
Looks like the bullet
went clean through.
Okay.
I don't feel anything.
You're in shock.
♪ ♪
What's he doing?
I don't know.
♪ ♪
[MOANING]
Oh.
♪ ♪
You hanging in there?
Let me just get your pulse.
Okay. just keep breathing.
We got to keep your heart rate
down for the baby.
[MOANS]
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
♪ ♪
I thought he was an okay guy. you know?
A little off maybe. but...
nothing I'd worry about.
Then I heard his wife and kid
left a couple months ago.
I guess that's all it takes for some.
And now we're all gonna die down here.
No one is gonna die down here.
Chicago PD!
Check the bedroom.
Bedroom's clear.
Nobody's home.
No sign of the medics?
Not that I saw.
Dispatch. forced entry made
at 7514 Montclare.
Signs of a disturbance.
No individuals present.
Notify detectives. Have EMS on standby.
Copy. We'll notify EMS.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
Hey.
♪ ♪
They were here.
Pack up what you need. We're leaving.
Who's... who's we?
Me. Sarah. and the two of you.
I thought the plan was to
leave after the baby was born.
Plans change.
You can thank him for that.
♪ ♪
There a problem?
I just. uh...
I'm not sure that this is a good idea.
- [POUNDS ON CHEST]
- I don't care what you think.
All I'm saying is that Sarah
is in active labor right now.
You said it could be hours.
I'm not waiting around for
someone else to come snooping.
Go. Pack.
♪ ♪
[CLATTERING]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[GROANING]
Uh. hey. Hey!
Hey. something's happening.
[GROANING]
Oh. her water just broke.
This baby is coming now.
♪ ♪
Let's scoot you down here.
[GRUNTS]
Breathe. Sarah.
Deep breath and then another push. okay?
[GROANING]
Good. Just like that.
- Yep.
- [BREATHING HEAVILY]
- Violet. he's bleeding out.
- Okay.
Uh. Ryan. we need tranexamic acid
and IV equipment from the bag.
Why does she need that?
It's not for Sarah. It's for Dalton.
We need to replenish his fluids
and control the bleeding.
No. no. no. no. You stay on her.
No. Novak can do it. okay? I got it.
- [SARAH CRYING]
- Ryan. look at him.
He is bleeding out.
Fine. Do it.
♪ ♪
Keep pushing. Sarah. Keep pushing.
That's right.
I'm gonna take care
of that bleeding. okay?
- Try to stay awake.
- Okay.
Keep pushing.
[SARAH GROANING]
[CRIES]
Okay. All right.
♪ ♪
[MOANING]
Keep breathing. Keep breathing. yeah?
♪ ♪
- Okay. All right.
- [SIGHS]
Dalton. stay with me. all right?
Okay.
You called in the noise
complaint this morning
- on Sarah Blake?
- If that's the one upstairs.
I don't know her name.
She's the one who looks
about 11 months pregnant.
Your complaint said that you
heard some kind of arguing?
Yeah. woke me out of a dead sleep.
She and some guy
were really going at it.
Do you know if she lives with anybody?
- Boyfriend? Husband?
- I don't know.
You live right below her.
What do you mean you don't know?
I try to mind my own business.
What is all this about. anyway?
I just want her to be quiet.
Sarah's missing. along
with two of our paramedics.
So whoever this guy is
who you heard shouting
could be involved.
So. please. we could use some help here.
Oh.
You should talk to the super.
He'd know more about her.
- Do you have a number?
- He's just next door.
He works both buildings.
That's where his office is.
- Thank you.
Baby's crowning. Sarah.
Okay. another big push.
- [WHIMPERING]
- Here we go.
Uh. Novak. I need you over here.
Okay. keep pressure on that wound. okay?
I'll be right back.
- Okay.
Okay. grab the bulb syringe
and cord clamps
and receiving blanket.
Okay. Sarah. last push.
Here we go. Here we go.
[SCREAMING]
- That's it.
- [LAUGHING EMOTIONALLY]
- There we go.
- Thank you.
- Good job. Sarah.
- [BABY CRYING]
Hi. there.
[SOBBING]
♪ ♪
- Good baby.
- [BABY CONTINUES CRYING]
Kid's got pipes.
Okay. want to meet your son?
♪ ♪
[CLEARS THROAT]
[LAUGHS WEAKLY]
Clean her up. Get her ready to go.
No. Ryan. she just gave birth.
Now she's done. [BABY CONTINUES CRYING]
♪ ♪
Wait. Wait. Ryan.
I need to tell you some...
I need to tell you something.
- You can tell me in the car.
- No!
It's important. You need to hear this.
♪ ♪
You... you're right.
I want to be with you.
♪ ♪
We do have something. We do.
We have something special...
a connection.
I want... I want you to take...
I want you to take us
to the hospital. okay?
We can start our lives right.
You can take us.
You can take us yourself.
I-I won't say a word. I swear.
♪ ♪
Don't do that.
Don't lie to me.
I'm not lying.
I'm not stupid.
I know you don't believe
I'm helping you.
but you'll learn.
You'll see.
♪ ♪
You have five minutes.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
[BABY CONTINUES CRYING]
Uh...
There's someone at the front door...
I heard it!
[DOORBELL RINGING]
Maybe you should get that. huh?
Shut up!
♪ ♪
I want her ready when I'm back.
[BABY CRYING]
[DOORBELL BUZZING]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Can I help you?
Are you the. uh. super
of the three-flat next door?
Uh. yeah. What's going on?
We're investigating
several missing persons.
One of them's
a resident there... Sarah Blake.
Really?
That's awful.
You sure you're okay with all this?
Yeah. no.
whatever you have to do.
just don't let him take us.
We need to know if she lives
with a boyfriend or a husband.
We think he might be involved.
Uh. no. No. she lives alone.
Just her name on the lease. I think.
Anybody else that might
have raised some red flags.
like a neighbor or a worker?
No. sorry. Nothing comes to mind.
♪ ♪
Actually. um.
the guy in 1C...
he's a registered sex offender.
I got the notification when
he moved in a few months ago.
- In Sarah's building?
- Yeah.
Gabe Estes is his name.
E-S-T-E-S?
That's right.
All right. we'll check it out.
I'm around if you need anything else.
Yeah. thank you.
♪ ♪
You're right about the Versed.
It doesn't take effect right away.
A lot can go wrong in 30 seconds.
So we get the gun out of his hands.
How do we do that?
[CLATTERING]
Instinct.
Get her on her feet. now.
We're out of time.
Move.
Move. Let's go! Let's go!
We can't move her until you cut this.
[BABY CRYING]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Pliers in the top drawer.
[BABY CRYING]
♪ ♪
Hey. Ryan.
Chicago Police!
♪ ♪
Chicago PD! Don't move!
We need two ambulances right away.
Copy. I'll call it in.
♪ ♪
Dalton. you still with me?
Hands behind your back.
- Are you okay?
- We're okay.
Okay. Hey. we need to get
this off of her.
Keep hanging in there. Help is coming.
♪ ♪
- [BREATHING HEAVILY]
- You okay?
How did you know where to find us?
We had some help.
♪ ♪
What?
Okay.
Come on.
All right.
Good.
Thank you.
♪ ♪
That was one hell of a catch. Sal.
Hmm.
You know. I don't remember you
being this good at the academy.
Just caught a couple lucky breaks.
Nah. it wasn't luck.
It was good police work.
Appreciate you having my back.
Hey. don't mention it.
Hey. listen. uh. Sarge is
wondering if you'd be willing
to come in and give a statement...
you know. help sort all this out.
Yeah.
Yeah. just. uh. give me a sec?
Yeah. sure thing.
- All set.
- Thank you.
I see you two got your rig back.
Yeah. uh. one of the medics
brought it back.
It's nice to be someplace familiar.
I can't imagine what you two
went through down there.
We got through it.
Hey. they said you were
the one who found us.
Nah. Lucy... she found the building.
You guys got me the rest of the way.
I mean. how? We didn't have
our phones or our radios.
Ryan's hand...
the bandage.
I mean. Kling in a figure eight...
that's... that's your signature.
[EMOTIONAL MUSIC]
And you...
♪ ♪
- Sal.
- Yeah.
I. um. got to give a statement.
- I'll check with you after.
- Thanks.
♪ ♪
What do you think would have happened
if Vasquez hadn't found us?
I don't know.
But I am so glad it was you
down there with me.
♪ ♪
I never should have kept
anything from you.
- I'm sorry.
- Oh.
That's not important now.
No. it is.
Partners shouldn't keep secrets.
You know. the truth is.
I didn't tell you before
because I was scared
to lose the relationship
that matters to me the most.
♪ ♪
Well. you can't get rid of me that easy.
[BOTH LAUGH]
♪ ♪
[SIGHS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[WOLF HOWLS]